# Week 8 Lab 2 Group 6 (15/04/21)

## Attendees
Name:   Andy Scott - Daniel Cook - James Cal

SID:    500443844 - 490394414 - 480368784

## Action Items from last meeting
* Andy looked into using a struct for the speaker module and worked on user interface
* James looked into use of serial
* Funcitonality for Exercise 1 and 2 not yet completed
* Serial funciton to display string not yet completed

## Minutes
* Andy incorporated exercise 3 module to Git
* Daniel worked on using the timer to complete exercise 1
* James worked on using the serial for exercise 2
* Group worked on breaking down the serial function into a module that can be used by each exercise


## Action items
* Further research into discussion questions to be completed
* James to get Exercise 2 serial functions working
* Daniel to get timer working for Exercise 1
* Andy to assist where issues arise


## Next meeting
* Zoom session 27/04 to ensure all exercises are functioning as required
* Final checks for assessment will be completed then



